1. Who developed Python Programming Language?
Ans. Guido Van Rossum.

2. Which type of Programming does Python support?
Ans. Python is an interpreted programming language, supporting object-oriented, structured, and functional programming.

3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans. Yes, Python is a case-sensitive language.

4. What is the correct extension of the Python file?
Ans. .py

5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted?
Ans. Python is an interpreted language, which means the source code of a Python program is converted into bytecode that is 
then executed by the Python virtual machine. 

6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language?
Ans. class, function.

7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?
Ans. #

8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Ans. 
      import sys
      print(sys.version)
            or 
      import platform
      print(platform.python_version()) 
      
9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called
Ans. lambda

10. What does pip stand for python?
Ans. preferred installer program.

11. Mention a few built-in functions in python?
Ans. input, int, len, abs, list, set etc.,


12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python?
Ans. 79 characters.

13. What are the benefits of using Python?
Ans. Readability, supporting libraries, and fun to use.

14. How is memory managed in Python?
Ans. 
Memory in Python is managed by Python private heap space. All Python objects and data structures are located in a private heap. 
This private heap is taken care of by Python Interpreter itself, and a programmer doesn't have access to this private heap.

15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
Ans. Download the Python Installer binaries and Run it.
The complete path of python.exe can be added by:
Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
Clicking on the Environment Variables button on the bottom right.
In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.
Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.

16. Is indentation required in python?
Ans. Yes, Python needs indentation to indicate a block of code.
